framework-features-prio (#11237)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nuxt/features/vue-router.mdx

---
title: Vue Router
description: "Learn about Sentry's Vue Routing integration."
---

> Nuxt uses the vue-router by default, and our Nuxt SDK instruments your routing automaitcally, to parameterize transaction according to your routes.
> 
> Our routing instrumentation supports `vue-router` v2, v3, and v4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt uses the `vue-router` under the hood, and our Nuxt SDK instruments your routing automatically, to parameterize transaction according to your routes.
```

In my opinion, we don't need to include the version support, as users don't install the vue-router themselves.

<SignInNote />

## Configuration

You can pass an optional configuration object as a second argument to the browser tracing integration:

```javascript
Sentry.browserTracingIntegration({
  router,
  routeLabel: "path",
});
```

The available options are:

| Key        | Type   | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------- | ------ | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | routeLabel | string | `name`  | The label to use for the route transactions. Can be either `name` or `path`. When this is `name`, the transaction will use `route.name`, if it is set, and else use the path of the route. By setting this to `path` you can opt-out of this and always use the path. |

Reviewer: M: We should delete this part because there are no custom options users can pass for the router in Nuxt. This all happens inside the SDK.

Author: done

---
title: Vue Router
description: "Learn about Sentry's Vue Routing integration."
---

> Nuxt uses the `vue-router` under the hood, and our Nuxt SDK instruments your routing automatically, to parameterize transaction according to your routes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nuxt uses the `vue-router` under the hood, and our Nuxt SDK instruments your routing automatically, to parameterize transactions according to your routes.
```
